<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/5616868c81a0f281e500005c/train/javascript target="_blank">Prize Draw</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>To participate in a prize draw each one gives his/her firstname. </p><p>Each letter of a firstnamehas a value which is its rank in the English alphabet. <code>A</code> and <code>a</code> have rank <code>1</code>, <code>B</code> and <code>b</code> rank <code>2</code> and so on. </p><p>The <em>length</em> of the firstname is added to the <em>sum</em> of these ranks hence a number <code>som</code>. </p><p>An array of random weights is linked to the firstnames and each <code>som</code> is multiplied by its corresponding weight to get what they call a <code>winning number</code>.</p><h4 id="example">Example:</h4><pre><code>names: "COLIN,AMANDBA,AMANDAB,CAROL,PauL,JOSEPH"weights: [1, 4, 4, 5, 2, 1]PauL -&gt; som = length of firstname + 16 + 1 + 21 + 12 = 4 + 50 -&gt; 54The *weight* associated with PauL is 2 so PauL's *winning number* is 54 * 2 = 108.</code></pre><p>Now one can sort the firstnames in <em>decreasing</em> order of the <code>winning numbers</code>. When two people have the same <code>winning number</code> sort them <em>alphabetically</em> by their firstnames.</p><h4 id="task">Task:</h4><ul><li><p>parameters: <code>st</code> a string of firstnames, <code>we</code> an array of weights, <code>n</code> a rank </p></li><li><p>return: the firstname of the participant whose rank is <code>n</code> (ranks are numbered from 1)</p></li></ul><h4 id="example-1">Example:</h4><pre><code>names: "COLIN,AMANDBA,AMANDAB,CAROL,PauL,JOSEPH"weights: [1, 4, 4, 5, 2, 1]n: 4The function should return: "PauL"</code></pre><h4 id="notes">Notes:</h4><ul><li><p>The weight array is at least as long as the number of names, it may be longer.</p></li><li><p>If <code>st</code> is empty return "No participants".</p></li><li><p>If n is greater than the number of participants then return "Not enough participants".</p></li><li><p>See Examples Test Cases for more examples.</p></li></ul>