<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/56dbe7f113c2f63570000b86/train/javascript target="_blank">Moves in squared strings (II)</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>You are given a string of <code>n</code> lines, each substring being <code>n</code> characters long: For example:</p><p><code>s = "abcd\nefgh\nijkl\nmnop"</code></p><p>We will study some transformations of this square of strings.</p><ul><li>rot(s):<br>Clock rotation 180 degrees.<pre><code>rot(s) =&gt; "ponm\nlkji\nhgfe\ndcba"</code></pre></li><li>selfie_and_rot(s) (or selfieAndRot or selfie-and-rot):<br>It is an initial string combined with its 180-degree clock-rotated version, interspersed with dots proportional to the length of the segments, to better illustrate the rotation when printed.<pre><code>s = "abcd\nefgh\nijkl\nmnop" --&gt; "abcd....\nefgh....\nijkl....\nmnop....\n....ponm\n....lkji\n....hgfe\n....dcba"</code></pre></li></ul><p>On printing, these functions work as follows:</p><pre><code>|rot             |selfie_and_rot|abcd --&gt; ponm   |abcd --&gt; abcd....|efgh     lkji   |efgh     efgh....|ijkl     hgfe   |ijkl     ijkl....   |mnop     dcba   |mnop     mnop....                           ....ponm                           ....lkji                           ....hgfe                           ....dcba</code></pre><p>Notice that the <em>number of dots</em> is the <em>common length</em> of "abcd", "efgh", "ijkl", "mnop".</p><h4 id="task">Task:</h4><ul><li>Write these two functions <code>rot</code> and <code>selfie_and_rot</code></li></ul><p>and</p><ul><li><p>high-order function <code>oper(fct, s)</code> where</p></li><li><p>fct is the function of one variable f to apply to the string <code>s</code>(fct will be one of <code>rot, selfie_and_rot</code>)</p></li></ul><h4 id="examples">Examples:</h4><pre><code>s = "abcd\nefgh\nijkl\nmnop"oper(rot, s) =&gt; "ponm\nlkji\nhgfe\ndcba"oper(selfie_and_rot, s) =&gt; "abcd....\nefgh....\nijkl....\nmnop....\n....ponm\n....lkji\n....hgfe\n....dcba"</code></pre><h4 id="notes">Notes:</h4><ul><li>The form of the parameter <code>fct</code> in operchanges according to the language. You can see each form according to the language in "Your test cases".</li><li>It could be easier to take these katas from number (I) to number (IV)</li></ul><p>Forthcoming katas will study other tranformations.</p><h4 id="bash-note">Bash Note:</h4><p>The input strings are separated by <code>,</code> instead of <code>\n</code>. The ouput strings should be separated by <code>\r</code> instead of <code>\n</code>. See "Sample Tests".</p>