<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/5a4e3782880385ba68000018/train/javascript target="_blank">Balanced Number (Special Numbers Series #1 ) </a></h2><h3>7 kyu</h3><p>A <strong>balanced number</strong> is a number where the sum of digits to the left of the middle digit(s) and the sum of digits to the right of the middle digit(s) are equal.</p><p>If the number has an odd number of digits, then there is only one middle digit. (For example, <code>92645</code> has one middle digit, <code>6</code>.) Otherwise, there are two middle digits. (For example, the middle digits of <code>1301</code> are <code>3</code> and <code>0</code>.)</p><p>The middle digit(s) should <strong>not</strong> be considered when determining whether a number is balanced or not, e.g. <code>413023</code> is a balanced number because the left sum and right sum are both <code>5</code>.</p><h3 id="the-task">The task</h3><p>Given a number, find if it is balanced, and return the string <code>"Balanced"</code> or <code>"Not Balanced"</code> accordingly. The passed number will always be positive.</p><h3 id="examples">Examples</h3><ol><li><pre><code>7 ==&gt; return "Balanced"</code></pre>Explanation:</li></ol><ul><li>middle digit(s): 7</li><li>sum of all digits to the left of the middle digit(s) -&gt; 0</li><li>sum of all digits to the right of the middle digit(s) -&gt; 0</li><li>0 and 0 are equal, so it's balanced.</li></ul><ol start="2"><li><pre><code>295591 ==&gt; return "Not Balanced"</code></pre>Explanation:</li></ol><ul><li>middle digit(s): 55</li><li>sum of all digits to the left of the middle digit(s) -&gt; 11</li><li>sum of all digits to the right of the middle digit(s) -&gt; 10</li><li>11 and 10 are not equal, so it's not balanced.</li></ul><ol start="3"><li><pre><code>959 ==&gt; return "Balanced"</code></pre>Explanation:</li></ol><ul><li>middle digit(s): 5</li><li>sum of all digits to the left of the middle digit(s) -&gt; 9</li><li>sum of all digits to the right of the middle digit(s) -&gt; 9</li><li>9 and 9 are equal, so it's balanced.</li></ul><ol start="4"><li><pre><code>27102983 ==&gt; return "Not Balanced"</code></pre>Explanation:</li></ol><ul><li>middle digit(s): 02</li><li>sum of all digits to the left of the middle digit(s) -&gt; 10</li><li>sum of all digits to the right of the middle digit(s) -&gt; 20</li><li>10 and 20 are not equal, so it's not balanced.</li></ul><hr><p><a href="https://www.codewars.com/collections/playing-with-numbers" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">Playing with Numbers Series</a></p><p><a href="https://www.codewars.com/collections/playing-with-lists-slash-arrays" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">Playing With Lists/Arrays Series</a></p>